📚: add note convention mod (#22)
mc-datapacks/en: src/conventions/datapack_advancement.md

To implement this you simply skip the [#2: Namespace Advancement](#2-namespace-advancement) step and make sure that in step [#3: Datapack Advancement](#3-datapack-advancement) you create your file inside the `/data/global/advancements/standalone/` directory.

> Keep in mind that if you are planning to release more datapacks under this name, you should use the normal syntax over this one.

--------------------

> ### **Note from Convention Mod (Optional)**

Reviewer: Consider a different title

Author: ```suggestion
### **Additional Guideline (Optional)**

```

Reviewer: No.

> **3. Datapack Advancement**

Reviewer: Title on lines 124 and 132 appear to be unrelated

Author: ```suggestion
**Regular format**

```

> Choose the normal syntax when you have more than one datapack under the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the regular format when you have more than one datapack under the namespace.

```

> the advancement *should* be inside `/data/<namespace>/advancements/<datapack name>.json`.

Example Datapack: [Boomber360](https://www.planetminecraft.com/member/boomber360/).

> **Extra: Standalone Datapack**

Author: ```suggestion
**Standalone format**
```

> Use standalone format when you are going only to have one datapack under the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the standalone format if you only want one datapack under the namespace.

```

> > Ex. `/data/global/advancements/standalone/<datapack name>.json`.

Author: ```suggestion
> Ex. `/data/global/advancements/standalone/<project name>.json`.
```
